_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# subtitle: <h3>Who am I?!</h3>

profile:
  align: right
  image: me_1.jpeg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Department of Civil, Architectural and Environmental Engineering</p>
    <p>The University of Texas at Austin</p>
    <p>301 E. Dean Keeton St.</p>
    <p>Austin, Texas 78712-1700</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a PhD candidate in the [Department of Civil, Architectural, and Environmental Engineering](https://www.caee.utexas.edu) at The University of Texas at Austin (UT) and a researcher in the [Intelligent Environments Laboratory](https://www.ie-lab.org) under the supervision of [Prof. Dr. Zoltan Nagy](https://www.caee.utexas.edu/people/faculty/faculty-directory/nagy). I also, serve as a Graduate Research Assistant for [Utility and Energy Management](https://utilities.utexas.edu) at UT.

My research interests include occupant-centric control of HVAC systems, energy flexibility of Grid-Interactive Efficient Buildings and the use of reinforcement learning for building energy systems control towards building electrification and decarbonization. I have participated in the organization of the [Reinforcement Learning for Energy Management in Buildings & Cities (RLEM)](http://www.rlem-workshop.net) workshop at the ACM SIGEnergy BuildSys conference and have served as the Co-President of [TexASHRAE](https://sites.utexas.edu/ashrae/), the [American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE)](https://www.ashrae.org) UT Student Branch.

I was born in [Ahoada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahoada) but spent most of my formative years in the Garden City of [Port Harcourt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Harcourt). I moved to the United States for college and have somewhat stuck around since then :slightly_smiling_face:. I am a sucker for good [afrobeats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrobeats) and [bashment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancehall) DJ mixes on [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/kingsley-nweye), and a cold pint of Guinness. You might find me building LEGOs or weightlifting when I convince myself that I have nothing left on my Trello board.

<!-- Born in [Ahoada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahoada), in the southern part of Nigeria, I am of the [Ekpeye](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ekpeye_people) and [Igbo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igbo_people) tribes. I spent most of my formative years in the garden city of [Port Harcourt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Harcourt) but moved to the United States for college and have somewhat stuck around since then :slightly_smiling_face:. I am a sucker for good [afrobeats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrobeats) and [bashment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancehall) DJ mixes on [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/kingsley-nweye), cheap wine, Guinness and [jollof](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jollof_rice) rice. You might find me building LEGOs or weightlifting in the gym when I convince myself that I have nothing left on my Trello board. -->

Commit message:

added paragraph about jacobs internship

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# subtitle: <h3>Who am I?!</h3>

profile:
  align: right
  image: me_1.jpeg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Department of Civil, Architectural and Environmental Engineering</p>
    <p>The University of Texas at Austin</p>
    <p>301 E. Dean Keeton St.</p>
    <p>Austin, Texas 78712-1700</p>

news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a PhD candidate in the [Department of Civil, Architectural, and Environmental Engineering](https://www.caee.utexas.edu) at The University of Texas at Austin (UT) and a researcher in the [Intelligent Environments Laboratory](https://www.ie-lab.org) under the supervision of [Prof. Dr. Zoltan Nagy](https://www.caee.utexas.edu/people/faculty/faculty-directory/nagy). I also, serve as a Graduate Research Assistant for [Utility and Energy Management](https://utilities.utexas.edu) at UT.

I am spending my Summer 2024 interning at [Jacobs](https://www.jacobs.com) where I am learning about the engineering design work that goes into building thermal energy networks as well as the efforts required for campus and district master planning. It is a great opportunity to also develop my energy modeling and software development skills, while learning from the personnel at the [world's number one design firm](https://www.enr.com/toplists/2023-top-500-design-firms-preview)!

My research interests include occupant-centric control of HVAC systems, energy flexibility of Grid-Interactive Efficient Buildings and the use of reinforcement learning for building energy systems control towards building electrification and decarbonization. I have participated in the organization of the [Reinforcement Learning for Energy Management in Buildings & Cities (RLEM)](http://www.rlem-workshop.net) workshop at the ACM SIGEnergy BuildSys conference and have served as the Co-President of [TexASHRAE](https://sites.utexas.edu/ashrae/), the [American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE)](https://www.ashrae.org) UT Student Branch.

I was born in [Ahoada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahoada) but spent most of my formative years in the Garden City of [Port Harcourt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Harcourt). I moved to the United States for college and have somewhat stuck around since then :slightly_smiling_face:. I am a sucker for good [afrobeats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrobeats) and [bashment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancehall) DJ mixes on [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/kingsley-nweye), and a cold pint of Guinness. You might find me building LEGOs or weightlifting when I convince myself that I have nothing left on my Trello board.

<!-- Born in [Ahoada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahoada), in the southern part of Nigeria, I am of the [Ekpeye](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ekpeye_people) and [Igbo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Igbo_people) tribes. I spent most of my formative years in the garden city of [Port Harcourt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Port_Harcourt) but moved to the United States for college and have somewhat stuck around since then :slightly_smiling_face:. I am a sucker for good [afrobeats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrobeats) and [bashment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancehall) DJ mixes on [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/kingsley-nweye), cheap wine, Guinness and [jollof](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jollof_rice) rice. You might find me building LEGOs or weightlifting in the gym when I convince myself that I have nothing left on my Trello board. -->
